If you have to do this
Then it's time I thought I could tell you something
What if you listen to it?
Will definitely choose to wake up
Because only money is the most reliable in this world
He wouldn't lie to me.
You are so busy with the money for selling kidneys
It's good hair that can charge mice
You care where that money comes from?
You have to know that the world is full of deception and happy events
I didn't marry you at the age of my life
Don't worry.
You will be interested.
Brother Jie, when were you going to tell you?
How is it? Did you hear it clearly?
I didn't touch anything.
I can send you the recorder.
I already checked it for you.
The boyfriend you met at the clubhouse?
During this time
Hey, you thought you were being a prodigal son
Is that your new boyfriend?
It seems that I don't know if the talented brother is also an heir or a president
Play with you during this time
Maybe it's just new and exciting
After all, I have never seen a man like him before.
However, friends also need some fresh ones
Xiaoqi immediately checked the true identity of the training pool